README

PRC - Mar. 20, 2008
Some further modification of the SLOD and inclusion of a new test:
CLDICE: if selected, coagulation of two groups of core/shell, where the
cores of each group are the same composition and the shells are the same
composition.
Significant fix in coagp.F90: previously, coremasses were generated from
pure group PC elements regardless of composition.  Now, check pure group
PC element composition against target core mass composition.  If they are
not the same, no growth allowed.


PRC - Mar. 11, 2008
Considerable modification of the SLOD.  Basically, I hope it is somewhat more
readable by moving the various tests to subroutines contained in the main
program.  Text of setup is moved to end of SLOD: SLOD_initatm_,
SLOD_initcoagtest_, SLOD_initfalltest_, SLOD_allocateparticles_, and
SLOD_deallocateparticles_.  This makes the code somewhat clear, as well as
making it easier to setup new cases where you change the groups, elements, and
bins.  As an example, new test is BCOC that tries to coagulate two groups and
come up with a mixed group (idea: pure BC and OC selfcoagulate and coagulate
with each other to make a mixed particle of OC shell with BC core).  See
SLOD_initbctest_ (and read_bcoctest.pro).
I also changed how the text files for the coagtest (and new bcoctest) are 
written, and so I modify the relevant IDL code.
This is still flaky: we still don't know at the SLOD level how things are
going to be mapped internally to CARMA (i.e., which elements are number
concentrations vs. core mass).  So at present my IDL code only works right
if all groups have the same bin spacing and density.  Should be straightforward
to fix (?).
Final note: in promoting the vertadv.F90 routine to internal arrays defined
double precision I adopted a scheme like in carma_precision now.


PRC/JAS - Oct. 4, 2007
Initial committment to repository

CARMA implementation in GEOS-4/5 based on CARMA_2.2

Plan is to link to GEOS via a component called CARMA_GridComp.  However,
the standalone SLOD still works!

To run CARMA as a standalone program, compile with the included Makefile:

gmake -f Makefile

If all goes well, you end up with

SLOD.exe

and can run this!  See the Makefile for some simple little tests you can
run with this.

SLOD = Stupid Little Offline Driver

